Add notify message on client connection (#1488)
pgbouncer/pgbouncer: doc/config.md

Default: 5

> ### login_welcome_message

Reviewer: Maybe this should be named something like "login_notify_message" instead? That would make the mechanics clearer. The word "welcome" is just filler, doesn't mean anything. The message is not required to be welcoming. ;-)

Author: True. I have some coworkers who would like nothing more than to use this feature to berate users into using sqlserver instead of postgres.

name changed. 

```
find . -type f -exec sed -i 's/login_welcome_message/login_notify_message/g' {} \+
```

Welcome notify message that is sent to the client after a login

> is successful. Can be used to ensure that clients undertand that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is successful. Can be used to ensure that interactive clients understand that
```
